Design review (Lab 5-part B)

1.)Reviewer team name: Quadflopters
Team member 1 name: Thomas Stuart
	 “ ” email: tjstuart@ucsd.edu 
Team member 2 name: Robert Ketchum
         “ ” email: rketchum@ucsd.edu 

2.)Reviewee team name: Eagle is Fun!
Team member 1 name: Elizabeth Farkas
 	 “ ” email: efarkas@ucsd.edu 
Team member 2 name: Brian Frost
	 “ ” email: bfrost@ucsd.edu 

3.) The date and time that you met face-to-face:  4/2/19 (Thursday) at 2:30


Review:

•	Antenna and Antenna Driver
  (Board) Maybe reconsider the antenna positioning.  Since you don’t want the antenna to be close to anything, you can move                    some capacitors on the left of your micro over, move the micro, and flip the orientation of the antenna.
  
  (Board) The top and bottom pour to the right of the antenna should come down a bit since it could affect the antenna’s signal.  The cutoff should be roughly the bottom of the antenna.
  
  Are there any traces routed through the antenna driver area that are not related to the driver in any layer (there should not be)?  MOVE PWM4 


•	Power and Ground
  Does the combination of the BAT_GND and GND ground plane extend to almost every area of the board (with the exception of the area round the antenna)?  Towards the bottom, by the 10 pin header ), there appears to be a wider gap than necessary.  Consider pushing the pour further out in the middle.
  
  
•	IMU
  Are the capacitors specified in the IMU datasheet located as close as is practical to the IMU?  Capacitors 22 && 23 are directly underneath the IMU but should be over by the MCU.  Check the schematic. 
  
  
•	Headers
  ( FTDI header )  Potentially interfering with the LED.  DOUBLE CHECK THIS WILL NOT BE AN ISSUE when trying to program the board.
  
  (In Schematic) The instructions say to intermingle the PWM, SDA, and SCL lines with the power and ground lines.  Yours don’t seem to follow that order. Maybe check with the professor to see if its ok. 
  
  
•	Microcontroller  && Signal breakout header
  (In schematic) You have lines 8, 3, 4, & 5 connected to the signal breakout header and the microcontroller.  It should be PWM1, PWM2, PWM3, and PWM4 to the signal breakout header.  Signal lines 8, 3, 4, & 5 don’t look like they go anywhere ? 
 
 Are the decoupling caps for the microcontroller located as close as possible to power pins of the microcontroller? Capacitors 22 && 23 are directly underneath the IMU but should be over by the MCU.  Check the schematic. Additionally, Via’s going through c15 and 3v3 MCU might need to be removed and pushed above RXO 
  
  
•	Power Supply
  Is the voltage regulator located near the battery connector?  It could be moved closer if you feel up to the task.
  
  
•	Aesthetics
    Are the reference designators arranged so they don’t overlap each other or pads? Some are over Via’s. For example C22 && C23, and Diode 23 has a via over the polarity marker.
    
    
•	Mechanical
  Is the “cup” for the motors the right diameter?  Might want to decrease the radius of the cup diameter to ensure a tight fit.  Ours is at 4.199 mm. The outter cup size should be a greater width as well.  Yours is at 3.365 when it should be at a minimum of 3.5


Additional notes:
(Board) we suggested that the pours in all areas should overlap.
